Adding Outreachy internship blog to website. (#177)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/2020-12-23-week-3-progress.md

title: About my Outreachy internship with Mixxx DJ: Week 3 progress
authors: Aanyu Deborah Oduman
tags: personal, outreachy, internship, manual
date: 2020-12-23 08:09:00

_This is the third of many weekly progress reports that I will be publishing for the duration of my Outreachy internship with Mixxx DJ_.

This week:

* I made a [pull request #327](https://github.com/mixxxdj/manual/pull/327) in response to [this issue](https://github.com/mixxxdj/manual/issues/289) . I moved the standard effects mapping documentation to section 11.5 of the manual.

> * Currently working on the cookbook chapter. I am moving documentation about deck cloning that I found in [this article](https://mixxx.discourse.group/t/new-in-2-3-deck-cloning/20267) to a new chapter of the manual that I am calling the cookbook. I will then move onto moving the chapter “[DJing with Mixxx](https://manual.mixxx.org/2.3/en/chapters/djing_with_mixxx.html)” to the cookbook as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently working on the cookbook chapter. I am moving documentation about deck cloning that I found in [this article]({filename}/news/new-in-2-3-deck-cloning.md) to a new chapter of the manual that I am calling the cookbook. I will then move onto moving the chapter “[DJing with Mixxx](https://manual.mixxx.org/2.3/en/chapters/djing_with_mixxx.html)” to the cookbook as well.
```
